---
layout: '../layouts/Text.astro'
title: 'My Markdown page'
---
# Privacy Policy

# What Information We Have & Where We Get It

When you create an account, buy a product or service we will collect your information which depending on service we are providing, may include your contact and billing information. When you use our websites or apps, we collect information such as the browser and device you’re using, your IP address, your location, the site you came from, what you did and didn’t use our site/app for, or the site you visit when you leave us. For more information on how we collect this information, see our Cookies Policy. When you use a social media feature within our website or apps, and you post to social media platforms, the social media site will provide us with some information about you.

# How We Use Your Information & Why

We use your information when you enter into a contract with us (for example to buy a product or service) so we can: process your order take payment, and provide you with customer support. For our legitimate business interests To conduct market research and analysis which helps improve our services. For our marketing purposes, unless your consent is required for such marketing. To send you customer service emails including delivery confirmations and event reminders. To prevent or detect unlawful behaviour, to protect or enforce our legal rights or as otherwise permitted by law. To create a profile about you to help us personalise our services to you. For further information, see section below: About your personalisation settings We can give you more of what you want when we know you better. To make sure our messages and website are relevant to you, we create a user profile with the information we know about you and how you use our services. Where you’ve given your consent To contact you with information or offers regarding our upcoming events, products or services – this may be via email, via push and web notifications, via SMS, or social media platforms. You can change your marketing preferences at any time, see “Your choices and rights” section below. To deliver tailored advertising and marketing communications on our websites and apps (see our Cookies Policy for more information). Who We Share Your Data With & Why Our third-party service providers (sometimes known as data processors) such as cloud computing providers who provide the IT infrastructure on which our products and systems are built. If you buy products we may disclose your information for order fulfillment purposes – meaning that you get the product you’ve bought. Third parties who provide goods and services purchased by you (e.g. insurance) so that they can process and fulfill your orders. Government agencies or other authorised bodies where permitted or required by law. Any successor to all or part of our business.

# Your Choices & Rights

Your choices Where you have given us your consent, you can withdraw it by doing the following. To stop receiving our marketing you can change your preferences within your account, follow the unsubscribe instructions in any of the emails we send you or contact us and we will do it for you. To opt out of the use of cookies and tracking tools, please see our Cookies Policy. To opt out of location tracking and push notifications, you can change the settings on your device or keep your location off. To stop web push notifications, you will need to use your browser settings. To object to personalisation you can change your preferences within your account. If this option is not available you can contact us and we will do it for you Your rights You also have rights over how your personal information is used including: The right to object to our processing of your data. The right to request that your information be erased or restricted from further use. The right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. The right to correct, amend or update information you have given us (where you have an account with us you can also do this by logging in and updating your information). The right to contest any automated decision we make about you. An automated decision is a decision taken without any human intervention which has legal consequences (e.g. credit checking). We don’t typically carry out automated decision making but, if we do, we will make it clear where such decisions are being made. To exercise any of the above rights please complete the forms above. Please note that whilst we will carefully assess every request we receive we may not always have to comply.

# Looking After Your Information

We have security measures in place to protect your information. The security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected. We only keep your information for as long as required to provide you with the services you request, for the purposes outlined in this policy and for any legal purposes for which we are obliged to keep the information. We will securely delete your information when it is no longer required for these purposes, in line with our company policies. Due to the global nature of our business, we rely on shared services, some of which are located outside of Europe. Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission EU-US Privacy Shield Binding Corporate Rules Binding Corporate Processor Rules For more information, or to get a copy of the relevant documentation please contact us.